all right Discovery fabric plus raycast
so this guy will chin did a YouTube
video on how to integrate fabric into
raycast and guess
what I am now using raycast look at that
activate trial I need to do
that this is yeah I switched back to
Spotlight because I like to use native
tools rather than third party I was on
Alfred for years and years and years and
years then I Swit
back to Spotlight uh because it was some
OS upgrade I was like oh let's see how
good Spotlight is I prefer to use the
native tools anyway unless there's a
compelling reason to use a third party
tool which is why I'm on Safari instead
of chrome even though Chrome is way
faster I like the inbuilt stuff in
Safari
anyway fabric integration
into raycast that is a big enough reason
for me to switch back so guess what now
I'm about to become a raycast
guru and look at this I might integrate
it more deeply by hosting a set of these
scripts within fabric so basically these
are Python scripts that raycast reads
and that's how raycast executes these
things so I'm thinking about putting a
whole directory of these inside a fabric
so you could just point raycast to that
directory and boom you're ready to go
and so the way he described this you
know what freak it just open it watch
this uh okay so um I don't know if you
can hear that so watch this I uh look at
this going back going back do these uh
to these various patterns in
Fabrics um like if you're if you're like
if you have some text in your selection
like if you if you have something you
want a quick summ or you want a quick
Paul grma say I can just go ahead and
just type in extract wisdom right and
let's say I can grab this one so copied
or I can I can grab the whole thing
wisdom right extract wisdom and then
just type X and then pasted it will run
look at this here comes fabric that
fabric prompt I use it to run it with a
Claud Sonet 3.5 in it and it's running
insan so yeah I'm about to rig
everything up